# Problem Statement

Given an integer array `nums` and an integer `k`, return the `k` most frequent elements. You may return the answer in <b>any order</b>.

## Example 1
Input: `nums = [1,1,1,2,2,3], k = 2`
Output: `[1,2]`

## Example 2
Input: `nums = [1], k = 1`
Output: `[1]`

## Constraints:
- 1 <= nums.length <= 105
- -104 <= nums[i] <= 104
- k is in the range [1, the number of unique elements in the array].
It is guaranteed that the answer is unique.

---

## Solution

```python
class Solution:
    def topKFrequent(self, nums: List[int], k: int) -> List[int]:
        # Initialize an empty dictionary named 'count'. 
        # This dictionary will be used to count the frequency of each number in the input list.
        count = {}
        # Initilize as a list of empty lists. 
        # This list will be used to store numbers based on their frequency.
        freq = [[] for i in range(len(nums) + 1)]

        # Iterate over each number 'n' in the input list 'nums'.
        # For each number, it updates the count in the 'count' dictionary.
        for n in nums:
            count[n] = 1 + count.get(n,0)       
        # print(count) -> {1: 3, 2: 2, 3: 1}
        # print(freq) -> [[], [], [], [], [], [], []]
        
        # Iterate over the items(number and count pairs) in the 'count' dictionary.
        # It then appends each number 'n' to the list at index 'c' in the 'freq' list.
        for n, c in count.items():
            freq[c].append(n)
        # print(freq) -> [[], [3], [2], [1], [], [], []]
        
        # This list will store the result
        res = []
        # Iterate over the indices of the 'freq' list in reverse order.
        # This because higher frequencies are stored at higher indices, and we want to start from the highest frequency.
        for i in range(len(freq) -1, 0, -1):
            for n in freq[i]:
                res.append(n)
        # print(res) -> [1, 2, 3]
        return res[:k]
```
  
--- 

## Complexity Analysis
- Time Complexity: O(n), Each operation, including dictionary creation, list creation, and element addition, is performed in linear time, iterating over teh input list once. 
- Space Complexity: O(n), Both the dictionary and the list require space proportional to the size of the input list, resulting in linear space complexity.
